[en]: update performance/cni-performance.md (#5174)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/network/performance/cni-performance.md

### Test environment

| Models | CPUs | Memories | NICs | Systems | Node IPs |
| --- | --- | ---| --- | --- | --- |
| Dell PowerEdge R620 | Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2620 0 @ 2.00GHz * 2 | 4G 1333M * 4 | Mellanox cx5 Physical NIC Bandwidth | Ubuntu 22.04 | 10.20.0.11 |
| Dell PowerEdge R620 | Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2620 0 @ 2.00GHz * 2 | 4G 1333M * 4 | Mellanox cx5 | Ubuntu 22.04 | 10.20.0.12 |

### Tested CNI types

This test covers three CNIs including Cilium, Calico and Macvlan, and is based on the following models:

- Cilium
    - Cilium (VXLAN mode)
- Calico
    - Calico (VXLAN mode)
    - Calico (underlay mode)
    - Calico (IPIP mode)
- Macvlan-Standalone

### Test cases

This test includes the following nine Test cases:

- Node to node
- Pod to node where the pod resides
- Pod to node across nodes
- Pod to pod on the same node

> - Pod to pod across nodes

Reviewer: Need to use a consistent style with the following tables:

- on the same node
- across nodes

For the four test metrics, the test results for different CNI patterns in different test cases are shown below:

### Chart conclusion

- pod throughput

    ![pod](../images/network-pod-bandwidth.png)

    | Test Cases | Conclusions |
    | --- | --- |

>     | Pod to node（the same node) | Macvlan-Standalone has the highest throughput, while Cilium VXLAN has the lowest |
>     | Pod to node（different nodes） | Calico-IPIP, Calico-underlay and Macvlan-Standalone outperform than Calico-VXLAN and Cilium-VXLAN |
>     | Pod to pod（the same node） | Macvlan is the best and followed by Cilium, and Calico has similarly worse performance in three modes |
>     | Pod to pod（different nodes） | Macvlan is the best, followed by Cilium-vxlan and then Calico |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Pod to node（on the same node) | Macvlan-Standalone has the highest throughput, while Cilium VXLAN has the lowest |
    | Pod to node（across nodes） | Calico-IPIP, Calico-underlay and Macvlan-Standalone outperform than Calico-VXLAN and Cilium-VXLAN |
    | Pod to pod（on the same node） | Macvlan is the best and followed by Cilium, and Calico has similarly worse performance in three modes |
    | Pod to pod（across nodes） | Macvlan is the best, followed by Cilium-vxlan and then Calico |
```
Keep consistent with that around line 40

- Service throughput

    ![service](../images/network-svc-bandwidth.png)

    | Test Cases | Conclusions |
    | --- | --- |

>     | Service to node (the same node)  | Macvlan is the best and followed by Cilium, and Calico has similarly worse performance in three modes |
>     | Service to node, both  on different nodes | Macvlan, Calico-IPIP, Calico-underlay, and Cilium-VXLAN have similar performance, while Calico-VXLAN is the worst |
>     | Service to pod, both  on the same node | Macvlan has the best performance and is followed by Cilium.  Calico has similarly worse performance in all three modes |
>     | Service to pod（different nodes） | Both Macvlan and Cilium perform better than Calico |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Service to node (on the same node)  | Macvlan is the best and followed by Cilium, and Calico has similarly worse performance in three modes |
    | Service to node, both  across nodes | Macvlan, Calico-IPIP, Calico-underlay, and Cilium-VXLAN have similar performance, while Calico-VXLAN is the worst |
    | Service to pod, both  on the same node | Macvlan has the best performance and is followed by Cilium.  Calico has similarly worse performance in all three modes |
    | Service to pod（across nodes） | Both Macvlan and Cilium perform better than Calico |
```
